Docs: Updating Lambda docs (#306)
cirrus-geo/cirrus-geo: docs/src/components/functions/update-state.md

> # Update-State

Author: weird its capital on my local version and don't have an uncomitted change.  Odd.

> # Update-State

Reviewer: I think the point is that it should not be capitalized. I concur, per my previous comment. All occurrences of lambda names in the docs should be lowercase in my opinion.

> # Update-State

Author: set all lambda names to lower case

Updates the dynamoDB state database with the State Function execution results.

Completion of a State Function execution can also be used to chain additonal workflow steps with pushing messages to SQS or SNS for additional steps beyond the core cirrus workflow, like triggering a lambda to push an output STAC Item to a STAC API.

## Trigger

The `update-state` lambda listens for terminal events output by a State Function that is executing a cirrus workflow/task.  These terminal states are not an exclusive list of possible states in the StateDB.
- "SUCCEEDED": the successful completion of a cirrus workflow
- "FAILED": A failed execution.  This can occur for a variety of reasons
- "ABORTED": The state machinea was forced to abort execution.  Can be triggered by manual termination of a workflow.

> - "TIMED OUT": State machine terminated due to time out.  Can occur if a third party resource involved in a tast hangs.

Author: applied.

## StateDB Updates

Updating the DynamoDB state database is the core functionality of the `update-state` lambda.

In addition to updating DynamoDB the `update-state` lambda also fires off events to AWS TimeStream with each state update.

The `update-state` lambda additionally logs any errors that come from the StateMachine so they can be captured and anlyzed in the log stream.

> Successful completions of workflows can also trigger sending messages to either SNS or SQS for additional steps as configured by users.

Reviewer: This sentence seems inaccurate.

`update-state` will only ever publish messages to SNS topics, with the narrow exception of workflow chaining requeuing payloads into the `process` queue.

I might suggest:

```suggestion
`update-state can also send messages to configured SNS topics to provide notifications to users or downstream services when events and/or output items are produced.
```

Author: Added suggestion.  Also added a snippet about enabling workflow chaining.
